Prerequisites: very low technology stat

Intro (show when entering this plot branch)
-------------------------------------------

The world around us is crumbling and yet we still prosper. Our workshops
and factories are kept alive by skilled workers, and their knowledge
will not be forgotten as the guilds they formed make sure that there
will be a new generation to keep repairing the city after they're dead.

There is, of course, a problem: the city needs the guilds and the guilds
know that the city needs them. Yesterday they were workers and today
they're the silent elite. Who knows what will happen tomorrow?

Event 1
-------

*(to trigger: timer: ~1 year from the beginning of the plotline)*

CHARACTER1 *(one of the advisors?)* arrives in your office with yet
another great idea that will surely bring the city a lot of money.
He explains that exchanging goods for money can only get you so far
because once people have enough goods they just won't buy them anymore.
The trick is to sell them something that can't be measured: knowledge.
It's not like they'll ever have all the knowledge they need and as long
as you're good at lying you don't even need to have the actual
knowledge, they'll just believe in everything you say.

CHARACTER1 seems to be completely unaware that his bright idea amounts
to building schools, hiring incompetent teachers and hoping that nobody
notices that the alumni know less than members of the guild after
the first month of apprenticeship. Still, maybe you can turn this scheme
into something more advantageous.

*(choices:)*

### 1. Go with CHARACTER1's scheme:

This may not be the most sophisticated fraud out there but it can work.
As time goes on, you're starting to appreciate its elegant simplicity:
selling bad knowledge to people who aren't knowledgeable enough to tell
the difference. It's as if we introduced a tax on stupidity.

*(unlocks building: **Knowledge Merchant** - gives money per turn)*

### 2. Why build false schools when we can build real ones?

The city should not prey on its citizens. Instead, it should help them.
It's the right thing to do, and it can be profitable in the long run:
after all, educated citizens are productive citizens.

*(unlocks building: **Trade school** - costs money per turn,
slightly increases tech and prestige)*

### 3. Why care about profit when we can get political power?

The idea of building schools appeals to you, but you don't really care
about money. You have bigger problems than that: the guilds are getting
more powerful and if you don't do something, the city will fall in their
hands. From now on, each guild will be required to send a teacher to
each of the schools - and they will have to teach everyone who wants to
learn. The ivory tower will be dismantled by those who wanted to build
it. Of course that means that the artisans will have to leave their
workshops and factories from time to time, but we can live with that.

*(unlocks building: **Trade school** - costs money per turn (less than
in previous option), slightly increases prestige and decreases tech)*

//todo everything